docs(event-hubs): Provide authentication parameter for connection strings (#994)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.0/scalers/azure-event-hub.md

### Authentication Parameters

You can authenticate by using connection string authentication.

**Connection String Authentication:**

> - `connection` - Connection string for the Azure Service Bus Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `connection` - Connection string for the Azure Event Hub.
```

Reviewer: This applies for all versions 2.0.x => 2.8.x.

Author: Even copy pasting is something I'm not good at

  
  The following formats are supported.
  

>   - With **SharedAccessKey** - `Endpoint=sb://<sb>.servicebus.windows.net/;SharedAccessKeyName=<key name>;SharedAccessKey=<key value>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - With **SharedAccessKey** - `Endpoint=sb://<sb>.servicebus.windows.net/;SharedAccessKeyName=<key name>;SharedAccessKey=<key value>;EntityPath=<hub-name>`
```

Reviewer: This applies for all versions 2.0.x => 2.8.x.

Author: Done
